Make different artifacts.go included in the release (#2554)
cybozu-go/neco: docs/generate-artifacts.md

> `generate-artifacts` is a command-line tool to generate `artifacts.go`
> which is a collection of latest components. This is used while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`generate-artifacts` is a command-line tool to generate `artifacts.go`,
which is a collection of the latest components. This tool is used in development.
It is also used in CI to check differences between the latest release and the versions in use.
```
